<h1>Random Maze Creation and Subsequent Solving</h1>
Recursively generates random mazes and employs various path-finding algorithms to solve the maze. Also visualizes the maze-solving as it happens.

<h2>Requirements</h2>
 
 - Python 3.x
 
<h2>General Information</h2>

The mazes generated by this program are 25X25 grids, with a randomly chosen starting (green) and ending (red) position. The user can choose a path-finding algorithim to use to solve the maze and it will display how it works as it executes. It is possible for the start and end to be on top of eachother so if that happens just generate a new one. I will fix this issue in a future version.


The mazes always have one solution, so they aren't terribly useful for comparing the different algorithms. To satisfy this, I created what I call "broken mazes" which is basically a normal maze, but it deletes extra walls such that there are muliple ways to solve it. This allows different algorithims to find different paths. This allows you to actually notice differences in the algorithims and how they find solve the maze. Finally, there are "empty mazes" which have no internal walls at all.

To run the program, run "amazing.py". Click the buttons on the top of the window to either generate new mazes or test the different search algorithms.

 
 <h2>Pathfinding Algorithms Used</h2>
 
 - Depth-First Search - does <b><i>not</i></b> guarantee the shortest path.
 - Dijkstra's Algorithm - guarantees shortest path
 - A* Search - guarantees shortest path
 - Breadth-First Search - guarentees the shortest path

I also plan to add more algorithms in the future.
